# SQL_YELP
Yelp analysis focuses on potential marketing strategy in facilitating user engagement
Evaluate the yelp rating system to (1)find what makes “internet-famous” restaurants, and (2)sort & invite 100 influencers to a series of forthcoming events (online/offline) to get them to share their opinions about the customer rating rationales. 
Key Recommendations are based on: 
Trend: Yelp could focus on increasing user growth by implementing targeted marketing campaigns to attract new users and businesses, especially during the contraction periods when growth slows down. Yelp could also consider incentivizing users to leave reviews and ratings, as it has a positive impact on the platform's activeness and growth. Additionally, given that food and inside are the most commonly assigned labels to photo reviews, Yelp could encourage users to post more photos of these categories to enhance the user experience and attract more users to the platform.
Correlation (business owners' side): Yelp could suggest high-rated restaurants (Star>=4) focus on showcasing their menu and interior through photos while improving the representation of drinks and outside areas. Yelp could also advise low-rated restaurants (Star <=3) to prioritize improving their menu and interior, as these are the photo labels that have a moderate to high positive impact on high-rated restaurants. Additionally, Yelp could encourage both high and low-rated restaurants to increase the number of reviews. Also, given that the labels have a relatively lower correlation to business ratings as of now, Yelp could try implementing new marketing campaigns suggesting users and businesses actively use labels when posting photos to improve engagement and increase bonding among businesses and users. 
User: Yelp could suggest to businesses that improving their overall rating can lead to increased ratings from popular users, which in turn can lead to increased user popularity and engagement. Yelp could also encourage users to leave detailed and high-quality reviews, as it positively impacts both user popularity and restaurant ratings. Additionally, Yelp could consider implementing programs to incentivize general users while promoting “Yelp Influencers” to leave more reviews and ratings, as it can drive user engagement and ultimately benefit businesses on the platform.
